





Difference between final,finally, finalize



Oops)

Diff between interface vs abstract class vs concrete class
Diff between Interface and abstract class
Diff between Access modifiers vs Access specifiers


Diff Between Overloading and Overriding?
Can we override main method?
Can we override Static method?




Exception Handling)

Control flow in try catch finally
Control flow in try catch
Diff fully checked exceptions and unchecked exceptions
Diff Exception and Error
Diff Between throw and throws
what is the importance of finally block in exception handlig?

can we have try block with out Catch block?
Can we have any code between try and catch block?
can we write any code after throw statement?


Have you Created an Exception in your project?How did u use that class?
Diff between NOClassDefFoundError and ClassNotFoundException?


Lang package)

Object class and methods)
what are object class methods?
Diff between ==Operator and equals() method
contract between equals() and hashcode() method.
Diff between Shallow cloning and deep cloning.
Wait notify and notifyAll() methods.


String class)
difference between String and StringBuffer
Stringbuffer and Stringbuilder




Multi Threading)

What is thread pool? how do you create a thread pool?
What is Callable and Future?





Collections)

Diff Collection and Collections
Diff Arrays and Arraylist? When will you use Array over Arraylist?

List)
Diff Arraylist and vector
Diff Arraylist and LinkedList?

Set)
Diff Hashset and LinkedHashset
Diff between Comparable and comparator interface
Diff between Hashset and Treeset

Maps)
How Hashmap works in java?
Diff between Hashmap and hashtable
How to get synchronized version of hashamp


Diff between Fail fast and fail safe
When does concurrentModificationException occur?
Diff between Hashmap and Concurrent Hashmap?



Garbage collection)
What are the ways to make an object eligible for GC
What are the ways to request jvm to run GC?
What are memory leaks? How to avoid them?


JVM Architecture)

Basic JTM Architecture
Types of class loaders
Various memory areas of JVM
Diff between JIT Compiler and Interpreter




Java 8 )

What are the features of Java 8?
What is metaspace?


Spring interview questions)

What is the difference between BEanfactory and Application Context?
Spring bean life cycle?
What are the annotations you used in your Spring Project?




Spring boot)
what are the benefits of using spring boot over Spring?
How do you connect two oracle databases in Spring boot?
What is the use of Spring boot Dev tools?
What is Spring Boot Actuator?
How do you deploy Spring boot application in Tomcat?
How to change default port in Spring boot?
How to resolve white lable error message in Spring boot?

Managerial Project Round Questions)




Angular Interview Questions)

What are the main components involved in Angular Application? How does the interaction happend between them?
Can you explain the Angular application Architecture?How does the flow start to end?
What iS AOT Compilation? what are the advantages of it?


